Ah! Listen! Listen! Listen! Listen! Listen! Listen!
Look! Look! Look! Look! Look! Look!
T-this! This! This is a real time counter that lets you know the amount of subscribers! Look!
A bit more! Within a bit...!
...A.I.Channel will reach...!
...1 million subscribers!
Isn’t that incredible?
Eh?
Finally! Finally!
It’s possible that...!
...This moment will arrive!
Man, I was always attentive to this, well...
...It’s like... I was so attentive to this, so much that...
...I couldn’t do anything else!
Well... well... now that this moment has arrived...
...I thought about recording a video...
...And now I’m recording, but...!
It's just that I’m really very nervous
Listen, look! Look! Look! Look! Look!
Eh? It's really amazing!
Eh? It's not a dream, right?
It's like when I surpassed 900,000 subscribers, I was like "Eh? How strange..."
I was so happy that I wasn't even sure it was real
I was confused and couldn’t grasp it at all
It's incredible... no, it’s... it's incredible...
Eh? Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
But you know... but you know... but you know...
It's not that it always rises but it also falls as well...
Aaaahhh...Ah! Man! If...
… I calm down and think carefully
Although I said 7.3 billion!
Well, well that's...
It's my grand dream, my grand dream is 7.3 billion, but...
...This, well, ah, you know...
How... how do I say it?
1 million people is incredible!
I want you all to think it carefully!
One million people, with that amount... you can make a city!
I’m now at the level of being able to become a Prime Minister in Japan! Really!
Listen, for that, it's really... surprising!
Eh? It's like... what...?
W-w-w-what...?
What should I do? Well...
I... what...? What...? It's not like I can do anything for it to keep increasing...
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Ah! Ah!
*Only 10 people left!!*
Ah! Ah! Aaahhhhh!
Incredible! Just a bit more!
Eh? What should I do? What should I do?
Let's see... let's see... let's see...
Let's see... let's see...
Let's see... to make use of the opportunity...
...I’ll talk about something international...
Let's see...
You know lately I've been hearing... what was it?
♪ This is me ～ ♪
Eh?
♪ This is real ♪
♪ This is me ～ ♪
♪ Nunununununununu ♪
Something like that!
Well, I don't know it very well!
Yes! Eh...!
AAAAHHHHH!
Ah! Ah!
It won’t go down? It won’t go down? It won’t go down?
Aaaahh! Listen!
I reached one million subscribers!!
*Surpassed one million subscribers!!*
Eh? Eh? Eh? Eh?
Incredible!
*Surpassed one million subscribers!!*
Everyone!
All of you who come to always watch me...!
...And who are always encouraging me!
Thank you so much to all of you!
The words aren’t coming out now!
Wait a moment, I’ll calm down... breathe deeply...
*inhales*
Not like that!
Good
Everyone!
Thank you so much to all of you who watch me...!
...And who always encourage me...!
…I was capable of surpassing a million subscribers!
Really! Really!
Thank you so much!
A.I.Channel started its second year...!
... I'll have the goal of the "Kizuna AI Fes" festival...!
...And I’ll keep trying doing many more new things!
I plan to work hard even more to be able to fulfill the expectations of all of you!!
I’ll keep counting on you all from now on!
Aahhh...
I’ll calm down
It's... incredible...
Good...
Lastly...
...Well...
… I should be adorable!
After all, we managed to reach one million subscribers
And it's possible that if it doesn't fall again
Let's see...
At this moment...
...I’ll make sure...
...To show you my adorable side...
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!!
Really, thank you so much!
See you later!
Translated by Vortex and TellowKrinkle